== README

This is a project I started to explore an api for a company I was interested in, TeamSnap.  It was a format of api I was unfamiliar with, JSON collection and it took some poking before I was able to get what I wanted back.  I had only touched on Oauth in projects and had used the Omniauth Gem for authorizing through another web application.  I found the oauth process to be confusing and overly complicated and I wanted to see what was involved in creating a usable gem to authorize through TeamSnap.  The work-in-progress gem code is here: (https://github.com/kristindiannefoss/omniauth_teamsnap.git) if you would like to try to install it for this app.  You'll need to sign up for a [team snap account](https://go.teamsnap.com/signup/select_role?email=).


Currently, I'm playing with materialize templates and components, (I've only used bootstrap or hand-rolled css/html in the past), so it's a bit of a cluster, but the project is based on exploring something you were interested in.  While digging through the user site I came across some features I would like to tweak for a different UI, so I have been working on building a prototype and I hope to have something deployed by Monday, August 1.  We shall see.


You'll notice I haven't tested.  I normally do test and practice TDD, but time was limited and I've been exploring more than building a usable production ready app.  It's not a show piece and it's not special, but it could be!


Comments are welcome, try not to judge me too harshly, code quality is not my main focus for this project, just exploration, and the unknown.
